doc: release: 2.4 add notes about USB device support (#28684)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-2.4.rst

    * :option:`CONFIG_TRACING_BACKEND_USB`
    * :option:`CONFIG_USB_UART_CONSOLE`

>   * CDC ACM Class was slightly reworked. The support for resume and
>     suspend events has been corrected. USB device support has got
>     its own work queue which is used by CDC ACM class by default.

Reviewer: Those are two separate things + HID was updated in terms of Suspend/Resume as well.

```suggestion
  * Suspend/Resume event handling corrected for CDC ACM and HID.
  * Optional workqueue for USB subsystem introduced. Used by the
     CDC_ACM class by default.
```
